Lilliana Robinson: So you guys already know how this is gonna go because we did financial levers yesterday, Neil and I took some notes. And we'll give you some evaluations at the end of the week. We're gonna do the same thing today.
Lilliana Robinson: Today. We'll see if we can get out early yesterday we tried to, but we we took the exact.
Lilliana Robinson: So we'll see today.
Lilliana Robinson: Kpis are a little more.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think they just like us, Liliana. I think they like being in hanging out with us, that's all it is. They want to use the whole time. That's that's right. See? Yeah, near degrees, George agrees. I see a few.
Lilliana Robinson: Very sweet. I
Lilliana Robinson: alright. So let's put thank you. Tara. Let's put your names in the chat in the order you'd like to present. Everyone's gonna have 3 min, just like yesterday.
Lilliana Robinson: and then we'll do a couple minutes of feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's start. Okay, we started our recording 1st up is Monica.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I'm always available to be the human sacrificial pancake.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There we go!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Love it.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, let me share my screen.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Can you guys see it?
Lilliana Robinson: It looks good.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So I picked 2
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): primary metrics and then several secondary metrics beneath them. And so
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): they're both revenue related. Because, you know, revenue is really important for our growth and also our existence. And so the 1st primary metric is new net revenue, and I understand these are not supposed to move frequently they're supposed to be hard to move. And these are the outputs and the secondary metrics are inputs. The things I have control over. So the 1st one is new leads identified.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): The second is 1st call scheduled, and then because we have a lot of large deals that we're moving incrementally that will probably take like a year to close. I didn't want to discount that. So I also put follow ups done.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And then these are all leading indicators, and for our second one I put retention revenue from existing customers. So supporting, that is, turn rate, and then average time spent in the application per business day as a proxy for roi I think these are lagging because they're referring to something in the past, but maybe they're also potentially pointing towards
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): something in the future. Not sure about that.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And so here are the graphs for the 1st primary metric. I didn't. I'm sorry. This the the secondary metrics for the 1st primary metric. I didn't put a graph for the primary cause. I don't expect it to change much.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And so our goals are 5, 2, and 4. And so here you can see we are not doing those this week.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And for the second primary metric. We have a churn rate of 0. Our goal is 0. So that's great. And then the average time spent in the application per business day our goal is 8 h. And they're actually spending all day in it. Every single user we've issued credentials to is spending all day in it? So yeah, that's all we have.
Lilliana Robinson: So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How soon do you expect these to go? Live.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): The Kpis.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I mean right now, and as soon as I you know defined them, I started tracking.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, I guess what I mean is like, do you have a goal for this to increase in the next week, or soon.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yes, I I definitely have control over this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, I'll let other people weigh in. But I think that's good.
Lilliana Robinson: I was, gonna say, a a quick tip for everybody is that revenue will always be a lagging Kpi
Lilliana Robinson: because that is a result, a direct result of the actions that you're taking. So it kind of looks like the way you've set it up is like you have these lagging kpis that are being measured by the leading kpis that you're doing.
Lilliana Robinson: That's like how you specifically, Monica, have set it up. You guys can choose to do it, however, but so the primary metrics for both of these are only going to be a result down the road of how you're doing. It's not like an active daily measure of how well your business is doing the secondary ones. But since they're leading are much more accurate.
Lilliana Robinson: for, like gauging your business's health at any given moment.
Lilliana Robinson: But that's fine. You just were asking if it was lagging or leading.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, I didn't know they could be combined within the same.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): like primary versus secondary metric.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I I think I don't know if you heard yesterday.
Lilliana Robinson: Brad explained. Primary and secondary metrics. When we do these weekly kpis, we usually just
Lilliana Robinson: have you choose 2 to 3 like you don't have to set it as primary or secondary, or anything like that, just 2 to 3 metrics that you want to track, to maintain the health of your business, and like, see your progress every week, and the Eirs will make sure that those are the right things you're measuring, but you want to make sure that those are probably leading ones. So the things that you're listing here in your secondary ones are probably the things that you want to put in your Kpi updates every week when we start next week.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay. Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: That we're like tracking. Okay, Monica's making progress on this, you know.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool Morgan.
Morgan Stanton: My only comment was, you mentioned that it takes like a year for your business deals to close like it's a very intensive process, would they? I feel like your turn rate would also be quite low, right, unless something like catastrophic event happens and they drop. You would also be kind of it wouldn't be super common for them to to drop you, and so I like. I would assume it would stay 0 hopefully the all every week it'd be on a
Morgan Stanton: case, so would there be something like, I don't know if they I don't know if they make small complaints, or is there anything like? I guess that would be
Morgan Stanton: something more in the short term that would be easier to measure than churn rate.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, just to back up, like, not all of our deals would take a year like, I've our 1st customer. I close in a month. It depends on the size of the client. But I didn't want to discount like the progress I was making on those bigger deals. But in terms of
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): another metric for retention, like I thought about it like time to request or something, cause they have like feature requests, and all these other requests like I could do that. But, to be totally honest, I put these because they make us look good.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So you know, churn rate, I expect to stay 0 like you know, because we put a lot of effort into like client success and things like that. But yeah, I can definitely add some other kind of roi metric here that would change
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): or be more dynamic.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think that's really great feedback. And just to reinforce Monica, I love that. You want to look good cause I'm in alignment with that I want you to look good, too. I also want you to feel like you have metrics that are
Neal Sáles-Griffin: helping you become better as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right. So I know you're you're paying attention to that. So just, you know. Be mindful of keeping that balance.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yep, yeah. And I think the the primary metric ones are the ones where we're falling short. So that's definitely where we need to put in work, but I think we so far have a good handle on product and responsiveness and stuff. So I kind of, I did want to keep that balance.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Thank you for going first, st Monica. This was great.
Lilliana Robinson: really solid.
Lilliana Robinson: and I hope everyone else heard our discussion on all of that, because it's applicable to all of you.
Lilliana Robinson: Next up is
Lilliana Robinson: collabs.
Florence Ettlin: Alright, let me just share.
Florence Ettlin: Okay, can you see the screen?
Florence Ettlin: Yeah. Okay.
Florence Ettlin: so our 1st Kpi that we decided is the primary metric is 20 trial units on board per month. So we directly combine what goal we're working towards.
Florence Ettlin: The secondary metrics that we do in order to get to that primary metric is we want to reach out a hundred companies via email calls texts
Florence Ettlin: per week. So 50 50, and the other secondary metric is to schedule in 2 product demos per week
Florence Ettlin: in order to reach that primary metric.
Florence Ettlin: We base these goals actually on past data. So we took a bit of a conservative approach from our previous outreach and the conversion rate we had there. So this is how we came up with the numbers.
Florence Ettlin: and this really determines whether we identified the right struggling moment for the right target market. So back to your point yesterday, Liliana, if we see that we fall short on this one. We're not, you know, hitting the the struggling moment for that, for that clientele.
Florence Ettlin: And the second Kpi is we. The primary metric is we'd like to reach 3 K Mrr. By the 5th of December.
Florence Ettlin: In order to get there. The secondary metrics are we want to get one weekly checking call per trial company.
Florence Ettlin: and onboard, 17 contract units per week. So these are people that have been on trial with us. And then we want to basically switch them over onto contracts. We already tested the checking calls. And they really really helped a lot in bringing our product further and making sure that we're measuring the value in the same way as our clients.
Florence Ettlin: So this is something we want to continue doing and be really, really stringent on and the way we came up with these numbers is actually just looking at our financial model, where we want to be by May next year and working backwards. And so that's what we need to hit every every week.
Florence Ettlin: And this really just determines whether we're hitting the problem solution fit. Because if someone does a trial and ends up
Florence Ettlin: joining us as a contract, it means they perceived value from what we offer.
Florence Ettlin: and the 3rd Kpi is is a product. Kpi. So this one is where we want to actually push up our visit to question conversion to 90%.
Florence Ettlin: Currently, we're at 82% in August. So I'm trying to push this up every single month.
Florence Ettlin: And the way we plan on doing that, that those are our secondary metrics is one test to affect our second conversion. So that's visits to questions. And one test to affect our 3rd conversion, which is people actually engaging with Anna multiple times in a session. Not just one question.
Florence Ettlin: We already started also doing tests in the past 3 months to try to push push up these these conversions, some of them really worked great. So we're going to continue just running one weekly test on either of the conversions.
Florence Ettlin: And this really indicates whether the guests that use Anna perceive value from her, and this helps us then to retain our customers. So this is how we've broken it down
Florence Ettlin: for now, we're really, really focused on jobs to be done. So before we go back into full blown outreach, we actually want to see what we learn through the jobs to be done first.st
Florence Ettlin: So we actually didn't build the graphs because it's 0 at the moment for week, one week, 2 as well and week 3 we anticipate until we finished our jobs to be done, and then, as of week before, we would
Florence Ettlin: go in with Kpi number one.
Florence Ettlin: whereas Kpi number 3, the product magic is something that we can already tackle as of next week.
Florence Ettlin: So this is where we stand currently.
Lilliana Robinson: So same thing here. The revenue that you put at the top line for your primary metric is going to be
Lilliana Robinson: lagging, but I think, kind of like the whole. The whole structure that Brad has set out here right? It's very clear, like secondary metrics, are the ones that are actually moving the needle so just as long as you know that, and that you're not basing your business health on
Lilliana Robinson: a metric that is lagging because you're not directly influencing that
Lilliana Robinson: cogniscope.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, I have a question about like, can you go on? Kpi 3.
Florence Ettlin: Yes.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Because, like these secondary metrics made me think like these. Looks a bit more like tasks rather than metrics, because I thought like.
Çoruh | CogniScope: please correct me if I'm wrong. But I thought the
Çoruh | CogniScope: metrics were non directly affected through our work right like
Çoruh | CogniScope: we can manually like increase these conversationally, or test numbers, and these are tasks. But what the effects are the kind of the metrics to keep them track. If we are doing right or wrong, right?
Çoruh | CogniScope: So I like my thought process was on that. So it it made me a bit confused on these metrics.
Florence Ettlin: I'm not sure but the way we took it is, as you know, the whole learning from whatever input we can do into the business.
Florence Ettlin: Metric measure, I guess. Here another one that comes to mind is, we could have probably, like quantified it in a different way, like push up this conversion by 3% month on month, for example. So maybe that would have been a different way of
Florence Ettlin: mentioning it. I don't know, Liliana, Neil, what you think about this?
Florence Ettlin: Okay, so is this, is this okay? Or would we need to change those secondary metrics.
Lilliana Robinson: No, I like what you guys have here. I think you did a good job. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: George.
George Reed - Noetic: Well, thanks. Liana, yeah. Flow. And Tolisha, thanks. After our conversation yesterday I was thinking of you know how you're saying that, like the secondary metrics should be thought of as the levers. So
George Reed - Noetic: I mean, I I took that to heart, and I'm thinking of as like I've I've sort of separated those out. So just keeping the top line Kpis, and then thinking of the levers of the secondary, do you guys, Neil and Liliana, what do you think of that?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's how I was thinking about it, too, especially.
George Reed - Noetic: She hasn't.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: On this one. But that's gonna become very obvious after you start tracking for a week. And you're like, Wait, what? What's actually driving this.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, they're the actions you take. That's the leap.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Was, right? Yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: So okay, cool.
George Reed - Noetic: Just clarifying cheers.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. That's why I keep clarifying with everybody is between these. If you're not going to be able to see this like week over week progress. It's it's not as helpful.
Lilliana Robinson: Nyet.
Nirat Attri: Yeah, I think my question was similar. So what we should be optimizing for essentially.
Nirat Attri: is the secondary Kpi should be moving up, and we should be able to directly correlate it to
Nirat Attri: our primary kpis. Moving as a result of the actions we did to move the secondary kpis.
Nirat Attri: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly, and I would.
Nirat Attri: I'll throw out my presentation now. But okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All, good man. We're learning together.
Lilliana Robinson: I would say it doesn't need to move up right like the secondary metric, like, right?
Lilliana Robinson: Some of them are just a week over week action you're doing. It depends what the metric is. Some of it is going to be something that moves up. But remember, from my presentation, kpis shouldn't be cumulative. So it's it really isn't something that needs to move up. It's like calls per week. If you do 4 calls per week every week. That's great. You're hitting your goal like you can move the needle up. If you want to start doing 5. But it's not going to be cumulative where you're tracking 20. Then you get to 22, then 24. That actually
Lilliana Robinson: hides the fact that you did less in what I just said.
Florence Ettlin: Right.
Lilliana Robinson: Like, if you do 2022, 23, you're actually going down.
Lilliana Robinson: That means you did 2, 1 week, and then one the next week, so you wouldn't be able to actually see that because it would look like it's going out artificially. So that's why we don't do cumulative
Lilliana Robinson: cool. Okay, this is great, Claude. Great job
Lilliana Robinson: this is going swell. You guys are doing great Felice, you are. Next
Lilliana Robinson: take your time.
Lilliana Robinson: Is this the cogniscope house that you're all in. You just have a giant, Airbnb for the 4 of you.
Lilliana Robinson: We can see.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Sorry. A little technical problem. Yeah. Hi, new. PC, so zoom wasn't fully, you know, integrated yet. But here we are. Okay. Weekly GPS,
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: so our 1st performance indicator is basically the number of meetings set for us.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Which is basically our current objective is to find our ideal customer profile. And then, in order to do that, we are conducting the Jtbt interviews.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: and we've set as a weekly goal that we want to do 2 meetings
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: with potential customers that can be Jtbt prospects. Well, they won't be customers, but they'll be Jtbt prospects.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: and our task for the week to do this is, we're going to track down 15 prospects, 10 being high priority, and we'll be reaching out to them for a potential interview.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: So that's Kpi number one.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: and then the Kpi number 2 is number of warm introductions arranged. These are basically we know someone who might know a bunch of people. And we ask them, hey, can you introduce to us?
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: These people that fit our description because we need to interview them? And our task for the week is we're gonna ask for 12 warm introductions from different people. So how? How we count, that is, you know, if I ask for this to, you know, spread the word about us, that's 1. And then that continues on with each new person coming in, and our goal is to get 5 warm introduction meetings arranged per week.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: and then we want at least 2 of these to turn into a Jtbt. Interview so that we we can complete our 12 jobs to be done interviews.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: And the way that we've decided on these is we sort of tracked back
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: towards the objectives and key results. And you know, thought about it from a bottom up approach. And we went like.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: okay, what do we want to do? We want to find our ideal customer profile, and then our way of doing that is concluding successful jobs to be done interviews. And then what do we have to do about these things? We have to track down people, and then we have to ask for warm selections. And then the way that we've talked about the
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Kpis is a way to measure how well we are doing on our tasks weekly. And then hopefully, if we've set that properly, then it will show us if we're doing okay or not. Okay in the way of going towards the key result that we want, which is 12 jobs to be done.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: We've also designated the key result of getting a 1st invoice, but this is something much more secondary to us. We've also designated the task to do about that. So it is preparing an article for thought leadership which we were inspired by Annie's info that she gave us throughout the week.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: It's not actively chasing sales approaches, but it's instead a way to, you know, build up our our brand to a point where, when we actually are tracking down and hunting customers, we will have the outreach, and we will have the credibility to get those sales meetings done. So the way that we've designed our week is we're gonna track down people.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: We're going to ask for warm introductions. And we're going to start building our brand week over week and then see how that works in finding our ideal customer profile.
Lilliana Robinson: I love that you put any space here.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Yes.
Lilliana Robinson: So I like how you broke down from your Okr to your kpis is pretty cool. One warning. Can you go back to the 1st one.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. One warning. We normally tell people not to have Jtbd as a Kpi
Lilliana Robinson: mostly because it becomes like a lazy Kpi where it's like they're not really making progress on anything and just leave it there so that they have at least something that they're doing. But I do feel like you guys are on top of it, and you're gonna get this done. And then you're gonna move on to something else that you're tracking. So it seems you're serious about keeping this as a metric and like actually making progress. So I think Neil and I are okay with this Neil.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's more of a warning. It's more of a warning, because I think this is fine and appropriate. Given what we've seen from you all just know that there have been times where we've had classes, where founders aren't taking Kpi seriously. So they say, oh, we're going to do Jpds. Jtvds is our Kpis. And then
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they do that. And then it's just like this, perpetual like, okay, well, when are you actually gonna do something else? And it never really happens. So that's not how you guys have operated at all. So I'm not even worried about it. So we get this done, and it'll naturally lead into more meaningful kpis to track once you're you're done.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Yeah. The way that we understand Kpis, that is, that it should be reflective of your current business situation. Current business situation right now is that we are unable to talk with people who will give us the insights about the business. Right? So, yeah, yesterday, we've had a very heated debate amongst ourselves for like
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: hours and hours on end on what should be our Kpis? And we, we, you know, completely filled out a whiteboard with ideas and whatnot. But the thing was that we if we want to move at a weekly pace, you know, currently this week we felt that it was the most important for us.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Jobs to be done, because it's been a weak point of our business for a very long time, because we've been really good at coding, developing all of that stuff. But we've been really bad at talking to customers and actually trying to get their insights into a product workflow. So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't. I don't have the thing enabled on my computer. But I'm doing this, you know, that's coming out. I'm with you.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: And then we'll populate these with bar charts as we start tracking them. Because we just started, you know, on the Kpis we've just settled on the Kpis yesterday. We haven't properly tracked them yet, like we have some numbers, but it's probably better if we, you know take a systematic approach and go about it that way.
Lilliana Robinson: Any comments from the group for cognito scope.
Annie Brown: Go to the next slide.
Annie Brown: and this this chart, the objective key, result, the task, Liliana, that was in
Annie Brown: too much.
Lilliana Robinson: My okrs, presentation.
Annie Brown: Okay, Irish presentation. Okay? Yeah. Cause, I like that. You guys use that.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, from pre-program week. 2. If you guys want to look back on the recording.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah? And I kind of go into the relationship between Okrs and Kpi. So if that's something that you guys want to refresher on, it's at the beginning and the end of that presentation. I go over it in both parts.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. Thank you. Cogniscope.
Lilliana Robinson: It's really solid also.
Lilliana Robinson: So, Morgan, you're gonna go next.
Lilliana Robinson: and then near it to your own deck.
Morgan Stanton: I don't have a Powerpoint. I have my my graphs to show you. So here are my 2
Morgan Stanton: primary Kpis, the 1st one highlighted in yellow. So research contract inquiries. So this would mean, like, we've met quite a few times. I'm already like basically proposing a research contract for them to move forward, and the secondary to support. That would be number of weekly prospect meetings, and then number of customer outreach events. So this can be cold, such as email Linkedin, or even warm, networking
Morgan Stanton: sort of things. And so I've already like, I kind of just went back through. You know. How. How am I doing so far? And I. I put them for for each and started making my goals. So the red is just goals for the next 13 weeks. And the blue is like, actually what I've accomplished like this week. For all of them. So I just have one this week, which is great. Someone's talking to me about it.
Morgan Stanton: I had no prospect meetings this week, though, and then A few customer. I did had 5 customer outreaches, I actually not tracked it before. So this is great for me to actually look at how often actually contacting people. So I set a goal for at least 8 a week and then increase like hopefully number of prospect meetings. So I get better at this over time.
Morgan Stanton: The second one I'll come back up here is in green. Primary is summarized data packages. So this means like we've done some research. And I put it together in a way, in like a nice little deck or a nice sheet that, like really pulls all the data together and summarizes it. So a Vc can understand or customer can understand. It's not super technical, and it's it's beautified, I would say, for for the data
Morgan Stanton: and then secondary support. This would be number of new patient samples. I'm getting every week number of experimental screens. We're running ever number running every week. And then for AI group number of verified chemicals in our our in Silico library that we're actually testing with their AI model. And so we come down to the data down here. I have my goals. Summarize data packages. We can't. I can't really do more than one
Morgan Stanton: a week. And some of these have actually put 0 because it'd be, we'd be working at quite a clip to get these out every week. But hopefully, by 8, 9 and 10 we have some interns coming on board. We'll be getting more of these as the weeks go on. The same for new patient samples. Right? I'm just my goal is one that's it's a lot of patient samples coming in even at just one. So I kind of have it every other week, and then speeding up as we get better at processing them.
Morgan Stanton: and then as well for experimental screens just to keep us on track. We got one done this week like we should be executing one per per week to keep on track, and then the only one that's kind of increasing with time is number of chemicals and silico. This is because we're just starting at the beginning, we'll get a handful. But as our AI algorithm gets better, we should be able to process more and more on our targets of interest. And so that's why it's kind of exponentially increasing.
Lilliana Robinson: I feel like your Kpis are super unique, Morgan, just because of like the nature of things. So I think you have a really good handle on it all. Also, I can tell how much you like data. I really like.
Morgan Stanton: It's like I love a good table and graph.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: From your prospect meetings and your customer events. Is there any I feel like? There might be a few hidden.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: measurable things nested within those.
Morgan Stanton: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That we could pay attention to so like from a prospect meeting. For example.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what is the successful outcome of a prospect meeting versus a unsuccessful.
Morgan Stanton: Would be, I guess, like the follow up from Prospect meeting, I guess, would be like
Morgan Stanton: within like
Morgan Stanton: a 3 or 4 day timeline. Someone being like great. I love meeting you. Project was super interesting. Let's let's take it. The next step further.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right. And what is that next step?
Morgan Stanton: I guess that would be going into the the research contract into like moving on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, got it. So you're sending over a potential like document for them, or something.
Morgan Stanton: It could be another like. I guess it could be like an in between stage of like. Let's discuss the research a bit more like I guess maybe you're right like a prospect meeting. Be like great, I can. This here's what we can do. Let me listen to your challenges. The next step could be like, let's kind of brainstorm a little bit more about the research. And then finally, the next step would be the research contract, so I could put like the in between like a follow. Up to this meeting.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Something like that that in my mind. I just wanted something a little bit closer to, because we can have as many prospect meetings as we want, but if that none of them translate into actual.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, review, or the next step that may not be as meaningful.
Morgan Stanton: Okay, I can edit that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll let others weigh in. But this is really good.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Anything for Morgan.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Hey, Morgan? Just wanted to say, really great job. And I like that. You've got the goal versus what you've achieved. So that's something. We'll probably probably you as well. So thank you for the inspiration I can echo in Leon. You love data. We can see that. So love the week by week breakdown as well. I think that's gonna help you be really accountable.
Morgan Stanton: Thank you.
Annie Brown: Yeah, I was just gonna say, if you could share, if you wouldn't mind sharing this template, I like it a lot. It's a very.
Morgan Stanton: Sure I'll put it in Base camp.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yay, that's awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, you should all have the goal. So when you do your weekly Kpi, I will post a template for what I want you guys to do in the in the Async post you're going to make on base camp every week every Monday. But part of it is the goal, and whether or not you hit the goal last week, and what your actual was, and then what the goal for next week is.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's how we're going to do things.
Lilliana Robinson: It's not just, oh, is it going up? It's
Lilliana Robinson: making a measurable goal for a reason, right? Like, if you're either increasing it because you're hitting it or you're decreasing it because it was too ambitious. And then you're trying to hit that goal every week. So Morgan's 1 step ahead here.
Lilliana Robinson: Great.
Lilliana Robinson: awesome. Thank you, Morgan.
Lilliana Robinson: all right near it. And then, Fabio, you're on deck.
Nirat Attri: Okay.
Nirat Attri: I'll quickly roll through it. I know I've messed up a lot because I've been wearing my technical hat this whole week. So.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Come on, man, we're here to help. Thank good.
Nirat Attri: So alright. I think the 1st Kpi again. A lot of them are actually lagging kpis that I've that I've realized in hindsight. So revenue. Why, we need to track it. Just that we need to be that we're making money and need to track the growth of growth of the business. One question which I had with respect to setting the goals here, of course, is that sales, cycle and healthcare are long. So like typically we would have either yearly contract or like monthly contracts that we'll
Nirat Attri: sort of
Nirat Attri: end on the cliff.
Nirat Attri: so not really sure how to accommodate it. Do we split those yearly sales as soon as we have like, as soon as we get them into like a weekly level, and then track them in terms of like how we are calculating our goal with respect to the with respect to the kpi is, just want to hire a new dev every single month for every new month that goes by we should be able to hiring a dev.
Nirat Attri: so we'll be keeping our calculations roughly around it, and then hopefully turn this into slightly more like exponential growth trajectory for us, and be more ambitious. Around it.
Nirat Attri: next one is with respect to signed contracts, like the reason why you want to do it is like external validation feels good on a certain very simple basis. But the other side of it is, we want to track our circular acquisition pieces. Again. This makes more sense at a monthly level, because expecting new contracts to lead to newer contracts at a weekly basis might be slightly tricky.
Nirat Attri: so a good measure might be, signed contracts leading to warm connections. Perhaps.
Nirat Attri: So, this is something that, after like looking at like the conversation that everybody else was also having, that perhaps this would be something that we can modify to change into also forward looking metric by virtue of doing that. The goal would be to have like a flywheel effect. So if we can, Fibonacci, this entire thing that would be a good measure of whether we are sticking to this or not.
Nirat Attri: the next one is, how do we build our product differentiation. I was thinking that we'll use end user Nps for it. And the goal that would be something that actually tends upwards or like is good marketing, but I'm not really sure if this is the right Kpi
Nirat Attri: for it. But I wanted to just signal that this is the direction in which we want to explore, because I feel the other metrics are more to do with internal measuring of the business. But this is where we could have something that we could externally project as part of our business in some way.
Nirat Attri: Just for funsies. I want to track my workouts done. I have been a lazy bum since the program started.
Nirat Attri: So this is just accountability from my side.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Love, that.
Lilliana Robinson: I love doing wellness, and you can honestly throw it in with your own Kpi, since it's just for us every week. If that helps you be accountable.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Wait a second. You like, you guys all don't track personal kpis. Nobody has Kpis for their whole physical self.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Does anyone know my only one.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Them, but they're all zeros right now, so I'm too assured.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I have a very nerdy spreadsheet with all my kpis that I tracked.
Lilliana Robinson: I have it in the fitbit app. Okay, near it. Let's just go through one by one, so go back to number one.
Lilliana Robinson: So revenue. The main reason why you don't track this as a weekly Kpi is exactly what you said. Like, yeah. B, 2 B long sales cycle. It's not really working weekly, and it's also not showing the health of your business weekly, because it's lagging. So it's not actually what you're doing. It'll take a long time down the road to see it. So you should track your revenue, obviously, maybe monthly.
Lilliana Robinson: But it shouldn't be one of your weekly kpis, because it's lagging. So you're right there. So you're going to want to change this to the actions that you're doing to increase revenue like, pick something that you can do that. You can track every week.
Lilliana Robinson: Go to the next 1. 0, wait! Wait question here. You want to hire. I just wanted to clarify. You want to hire a new developer every month. So like in a year, you want to have 12 developers.
Nirat Attri: Just a way to benchmark like what the growth trajectory should be like. If I'm targeting the growth and revenue, it should be towards some goal. So this is just entirely arbitrary. I I did not know what to benchmark new revenue against like what should I be aiming to do?
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, I see you're not actually planning to do it. You're saying that's how much you should have.
Nirat Attri: Got it.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. Can you go to the second one?
Lilliana Robinson: For signed contracts?
Lilliana Robinson: here, I was going to say, what are you doing to get these signed contracts like.
Lilliana Robinson: what are the actions you're taking? I even think the contracts being signed might even be a lagging indicator, because it's not something. You're going out. And it's you're not like paving the the streets, getting signatures. You're doing stuff to get these people to sign. So what is that action.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you name one? Is it like outreach emails? Would be one.
Nirat Attri: See.
Nirat Attri: So that's where I've also realized, like the way our business has been growing has just been organically through word of mouth. And that's also part of the circular thesis that we have, but it works in a very small domain right now, like. So our
Nirat Attri: our customers are getting us more customers by making introductions to us who are having the same pain points. So we haven't done a lot of outreach ourselves. So this is where I do want to get this validated somehow. So I feel this is the wrong Kpi to track for it. I also agree.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we've had companies like that before where it's like I'm in. I'm having success. But I don't know why it's not repeatable
Lilliana Robinson: what action to take. So you'll have to run some experiments and do some thinking, and figure out what actions you can take to start making that repeatable and not just random. Is this chart cumulative, or are you getting one additional contract every week?
Nirat Attri: The idea would be one additional contract every week. Okay, cool.
Lilliana Robinson: That's correct. Yeah. So, brainstorm this, you don't have to think of it right now. But just you know, go think about it for the next week before you start doing Kpis next week. And then go to the last one for me
Lilliana Robinson: end user. Mps, I was thinking, since you're saying like, you don't really have an active
Lilliana Robinson: interface for them. Yet you could also do like a way to measure the moat, and other people can weigh in on here. I was just thinking like conversion.
Lilliana Robinson: I mean, if you, if you have a lot like an easy, a really high conversion.
Lilliana Robinson: it might differentiate you from others. It might be a signal that people really like the product, or that you have the right segment. If you can quickly and easily get users on like on board.
Lilliana Robinson: and then how much they're using the platform.
Lilliana Robinson: So like Mps you, I could take or leave because it's an imperfect metric for people satisfaction. But how much they're actively, actually using? It is something that, like the stats don't lie so not only hurting. But how much are they coming back? How long are they using it? Stuff like that? I understand this is all for the future.
Nirat Attri: Oh, just to on a similar line, because again, we wouldn't have an interface. But would.
Nirat Attri: Api transactions be a good measure. Because if you're powering automations for our end users, if they're using more of it, it means their business is growing. So if their business is growing, it means that we are enabling it
Nirat Attri: so. Would that be a good one?
Lilliana Robinson: And more Api transactions means they're using your product more. That's like a direct. I think that's great.
Lilliana Robinson: I think that makes a lot of sense. And but remember, that's like I would I would track that. But remember, that's not like an action you're taking for your business, that that is something giving you the health of the business. So I do that.
Lilliana Robinson: But even that is kind of lagging, because it's like, as a result of you shipping certain products and like making it good for them. So that's more of a gauge. I would include it because it makes sense. I just spoke forever. So I'm gonna let any way in because she had her hand up. I think.
Annie Brown: Oh, yeah, well, you kind of said what I was gonna say is that I had a meeting with Don this morning. So I got a little bit of a a cheat code, and he he told me, too, that it is really important to include
Annie Brown: like a a measurement that measures customer satisfaction in your kpis as soon as you can. So even if it's early, anything you're able to measure customer satisfaction is good.
Nirat Attri: yeah, I mean, what I really wanted to do was track their revenue growth. I mean, that was something that I had in my initial Kpis, but I just felt like it's very difficult to do
Nirat Attri: the moment you bring somebody on board and like have an immediate impact, it might be something that might tend upwards
Nirat Attri: way later, especially in B, 2 B, so that's why I did not include it. But I wanted to say in the same proximity. Like you rightly said.
Lilliana Robinson: And then on customer satisfaction. Remember, from W. 3 in. In the 3rd one, the why, it's not just like what shows that they're getting the outcome. How do they measure it? So yeah, the Api integration might be one of them. It. It's like
Lilliana Robinson: what shows them that you're providing them value. And you probably wanna
Lilliana Robinson: to make sure that they see that value
Lilliana Robinson: Felice, or or.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Yeah, I just wanted to get pick everyone's brain on, you know, metrics like Mps, because instead, in my mind, instead of tracking Mps, counting the actual amount of promotions that you get from your current customers towards new customers, feels more in line with what's going, because if I'm taking a score that's
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: evaluating how? How well I'm being promoted. Instead of looking at this arbitrary score, like looking at the actual result of promotions, feels like a more natural thing to me. What do you think? Everyone.
Lilliana Robinson: I already said what I think about the Mps, so I'll let other people weigh in.
Florence Ettlin: They agree.
Nirat Attri: Of course.
Nirat Attri: No, no, like I was just standing, and I don't have anything to add. I just agree with you.
Florence Ettlin: I think I agree more on this, because many people can say things. But what we need to see is like the actual action so many people can say, Oh, I promote, or I agree with, or I like a particular product. But did they actually take the action of promoting this and referring this to somebody else. So yeah.
Nirat Attri: That's why I want to stick in this with sorry, please.
Fabio Caironi: I'm sorry I don't have a specific comment on nps, but one thing that we would like to track down the line is how many up votes we get on product hunt. And like the average score on on G 2, which are like
Fabio Caironi: like
Fabio Caironi: product review platforms, and you might know them. So instead of asking your customers, you can just
Fabio Caironi: like promote your product out there and see you know what
Fabio Caironi: what feedback you get there. But this is just
Fabio Caironi: something I had on top of my mind.
Nirat Attri: In our case, like, I just want to focus more on this indirectly, like I said, instead of the Nps, I want to see how many contracts lead us to more direct contracts like, how much can I link somebody else converting to them being a lead themselves eventually? So it's it's it's it's also like a core thesis of our business. So I do want to
Nirat Attri: measure it. So like you rightly said, I don't think that Nps is the right one for it like that's also I have a big question mark, but I feel this can, like the the signed contracts can turn into something that you the signed contract
Nirat Attri: leading to more contracts might be a good measure. If we can, if we can have some metric around it, and that would also be perhaps like a good forward looking one, because we can count them as leads, and then do the conversion as a backward looking one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, there's a consistent and recurring theme here with all of this, which is like, what can we influence as opposed to just track to see what happens right? What are you indirect control of? So just keep that in mind as you refactor these.
Lilliana Robinson: So we have to move on to the next one. But hopefully you're in a good spot. Go ahead and rethink these, feel free to re upload them on base camp. If you want our feedback again.
Nirat Attri: Will do.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool Fabio, and then George read Europe. After that.
Fabio Caironi: Let me share my screen.
Fabio Caironi: Here we go.
Fabio Caironi: Alright. So
Fabio Caironi: we thought of our kpis as again some
Fabio Caironi: very repeatable and recurring metrics. So we try to start from on our okrs and like, break down the milestones into like what we can do each week
Fabio Caironi: to get to those milestones, and like, what are some
Fabio Caironi: pieces of our business that we need to monitor? Maybe not just for a milestone, but also, just
Fabio Caironi: just to see that everything's on track
Fabio Caironi: under, you know, different
Fabio Caironi: circumstances. And we divided the kpis into 2 sprints, because, we think that we should focus on
Fabio Caironi: leading Apis first, st just because, we don't have a con like we don't have customers. We don't have an influx of you know, revenue and computing usage. So we we might want to focus on our leading Kpis 1st and our 1st sprint. So from now to November. We want to focus on like we will keep focusing on these kpis, but we specifically
Fabio Caironi: narrow down the kpis to these 2. So sales and customers. Score recalls
Fabio Caironi: so we want to keep track of how many
Fabio Caironi: jobs to be done calls. But not only that category, so they will turn into actually
Fabio Caironi: sales calls and like
Fabio Caironi: prospect polls. We want to track down how many we do a week. And if we don't meet our goal, we're, you know, we're gonna raise some flags. So this is definitely helping us. Because in the past we have been experiencing, you know, maybe shifting our focus on fundraising for a little while, and the sales just, you know, or the customers already just fell through. So we we really don't want to happen. We want to keep consistently.
Fabio Caironi: maintaining the space of a customer discovery call, and if we have more resources in the future, also expand it, and I'll show you the goals in a second and the weekly sprint points monitor our
Fabio Caironi: product development efforts. This is very important. Because I'm I'm not talking about the features, the user facing features, those will be driven by our customer feedback. But I'm talking about the the back end. So think of like, you know, improving the authentication, improving the storage system, all stuff that is very important for a cloud computing system. So
Fabio Caironi: and and because our competitors have high quality products. We need to kind of, you know, be kind of meet those standards. And before we we can actually compete with them. So yeah, we'll keep working on product development as everything else goes on.
Fabio Caironi: And then the second sprint will be after we get our 1st pilot, and then we'll start tracking the by chip usage. The Buy chip usage is directly related to the sales, but is more granular like by chips can be spent like by the minute, while revenue, we might. You know, we have contracts where they pay us every month. So there's some lag in there. So by chip usage will tell us how much are
Fabio Caironi: our platform is used and how much computing we're we're delivering, actually. And the engagement points is another interesting metric. If I have a few minutes I'll I'll show you later.
Fabio Caironi: But so this is like about our engagement with our online audiences across our website, documentation, blog, Linkedin profile and other social media pages. So our goals are to get 2 call 2 sales calls
Fabio Caironi: for the 1st part of the program, and we had already hit our goal for this week. This is the 3rd week of
Fabio Caironi: September. Wait! Is this. The second or this is the 3rd week. Yes.
Fabio Caironi: and we are we're going to exceed this goal, probably next week, because we had it ready.
Fabio Caironi: schedule 3 calls.
Fabio Caironi: Then we have
Fabio Caironi: 20 as a goal for the spring points resolution. So we had 24 last week and 13 currently. But we still have to
Fabio Caironi: sort some tasks, so probably we will exceed the
Fabio Caironi: this call for this week as well, and then, of course, the budget usage is still like, not hasn't started yet, but I just wanted to show this so like this. 0 kind of, you know, buzzes into our in my mind, and like I dream of it.
Fabio Caironi: And then, like, I feel guilty about it. So I do something about it. And then the 500 engagement points. I just want to quickly. If I have some more time.
Fabio Caironi: show you
Fabio Caironi: the way we measure this.
Lilliana Robinson: You have about a minute left. Fabia.
Fabio Caironi: Oh, that's cool. Okay, that was cool.
Fabio Caironi: So basically, we thought that, you know, how can we measure our engagement like, is it like the interactions are. Is it like the impressions? Is it clicks?
Fabio Caironi: I'm not a marketer. So maybe Dominique and Will can weigh in here. But
Fabio Caironi: I thought that maybe giving some like weights to all these metrics that we can get from, you know, Linkedin and Google analytics can help us.
Fabio Caironi: Build a score of how much engaged we are. So like, you know, this score will go up as we post more. And yeah, as we get more engagement. But that's a result of our efforts as well. So basically, we gave some some weights to
Fabio Caironi: different actions, different sorry different results like comments, repost impressions, visits, clicks, and then we multiply the actual number by the weight, and we we
Fabio Caironi: get to a score. So our score for last week was 3,446 points due to the post. But you know
Fabio Caironi: we have had like much more engagement in the past. So we're looking forward to
Fabio Caironi: Hi, like raising this number up to maybe even 10,000 engagement points a week.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah. So that's all.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you go back to the slide that was about your sprints?
Lilliana Robinson: This is what I think? Morgan asked. This is actually exactly what I would recommend for those who are in like deep science as well.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know if Morgan you
Lilliana Robinson: that was your question. Last week I think you were saying like, how do I measure like my research and my science something to the accord of like sprint points, I think, would be really cool, whatever that means for your business.
Morgan Stanton: Now I love this and the the weighted system, too. That's impressive. A lot of data in there.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, really cool. I'll let Annie speak.
Annie Brown: I was just gonna say
Annie Brown: and and eager to get the group's thoughts on this like, maybe, since you're hitting some of your existing Kpi goals. You might want to
Annie Brown: like raise them a bit. Because
Annie Brown: my, so I I was kind of going by the the Okr idea of like, okay, if you hit like 70, that's great. So you might want to raise those, even if they seem a little out of reach. It's like a good thing that kind of keeps you
Annie Brown: motivated to to do more as long as it's, you know, realistic for you.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, that makes sense. It's just like this, 0 here. Just it constantly reminds you that. Okay, wait. I have to
Fabio Caironi: have to start doing something about this. And just the same for the goal. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So we have only like a minute left. So let's do cogniscope and then agent learner, and then we'll have to move on.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Really quick. My question is about the 0 over there on the byte chip usage. And this is a question for both you and Neil and liana. And I, I really want everyone's opinion on this like, if we are going for a metric like, for for example, is this 0 going to move week by week. Is this something that's gonna change in the foreseeable for future, realistically.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: And if that's you know. If that's what you're expecting, then this is perfectly fine. But in my mind.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: if a metric is not gonna change week on week, maybe you should create a metric that is going to make this 0 into a 1 before tracking. If this 0 is a 5 or a 4, or a 2, etc, so.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, sorry. It's a little confusing, because I I wanted to put this light, anyway, because I wanted to show you that, like.
Fabio Caironi: we are not ready to show this metric. For example, I'm not going to put this in our weekly updates.
Fabio Caironi: And the goal itself is 0, because we know that we can sell today. There's still a few parts of our system missing, and we are on track to complete them, and we are on track to bring in customers. So I just wanted to show this to be aware that, you know.
Fabio Caironi: like.
Fabio Caironi: we'll, we're gonna change this. So we won't forget about constantly updating. But yeah, I want to see what Liliana Neil think about this as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I agree. Everything you said Ur is exactly right as far as the purpose of these Kpis for us, and during this program is for there to make the weekly progress.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That being, said I, I think it's helpful to share other ones that you might be measuring or tracking on a different timetable.
Lilliana Robinson: Agent, Learning.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Hey? Awesome presentation, Fabio side comment. Love your branding. It looks epic. I just wanted to acknowledge your comment. I'm happy to chat offline, and we can chat to you about attribution. But my immediate comment on the marketing side, it's awesome to see that you're thinking about how all the different channels feed into that funnel. But what I can help you with is figuring out rather than measuring all of those metrics.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: There's really just going to be one or 2 that makes sense for you to focus on depending on what your objective is, what your kpi is, and importantly, which stage of the funnel your business is at. So I just wanted to acknowledge what you said, and absolutely happy to happy to chat through.
Fabio Caironi: I'm super happy. Yeah, we we just made this like soup of of metrics. And just.
Fabio Caironi: Came up with this with this Corey, because I didn't know what the fuck is on, because I I don't know actually what's met. What matters
Fabio Caironi: at this stage. So talking with you, I think, will definitely clear up a lot of ideas.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Happy to brainstorm. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh.
Lilliana Robinson: okay, thank you, Fabian.
Lilliana Robinson: Next is George Reid.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay. Hello. Everyone.
Lilliana Robinson: Any.
George Reed - Noetic: Screen
George Reed - Noetic: Oops!
Lilliana Robinson: If you haven't dropped your name in as a volunteer, please do.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay, alright, thanks. So I've really appreciated everyone's like feedback so far, and all sharing all the metrics. And
George Reed - Noetic: it's been really helpful. So I'm thinking of this in like a really preliminary sense, because I'm actually going to spend Saturday going back end to end and like rethinking all of the Okrs down to
George Reed - Noetic: kpis and levers as well. So
George Reed - Noetic: read the book and all that. So what I've got at the moment is, yeah, very
George Reed - Noetic: top level.
George Reed - Noetic: our sort of thinking. So
George Reed - Noetic: again, yeah, I know this is a lagging indicator, right? I see that now the new Mrr per month. So alternatives could be like, yeah, conversion rate. Demo sign ups that kind of thing. But that would then
George Reed - Noetic: come out of the warm leads and responses, which is the next one. So
George Reed - Noetic: The goal for an Mrr is to get to, let's say arbitrarily, 10,000
George Reed - Noetic: recurring revenue per
George Reed - Noetic: per month by the end of the program so it could be around a thousand dollars additional incremental per week.
George Reed - Noetic: And yeah, input for that would be the second one. The warm leads and responses. So the outreach for that could be something like
George Reed - Noetic: let's say.
George Reed - Noetic: 50 cold outreach
George Reed - Noetic: through Linkedin could lead to 15 warm leads, 3 sales calls, and one success
George Reed - Noetic: some something like that, just sort of off the top of my head
George Reed - Noetic: and again, I think this could be used as a foundation. As a couple of other people have said, the jobs to be done
George Reed - Noetic: the people who aren't necessarily buyers could be jobs to be done, interviews potentially. But again, I'm tracking another point. I'm tracking that separately as well as you guys said before, keep that separate from the main business, Kpis, the Jtvd. So, and then again put on the product side like the service side. I'm thinking I'm still thinking of tracking the hours saved per client per month in like the
George Reed - Noetic: sorry should be weekly in the weekly check-ins with each of the clients I've got right now. I do ask them so.
George Reed - Noetic: In terms of man hours. How many, how much you saving for using the service? So that's just because it's 1 metric that I have been tracking. I'm keeping it here at the moment, but open to changing open to updating that. And yeah, again, these are very preliminary gonna rework everything this weekend. So and I just did a
George Reed - Noetic: next slide. I like a trailing 4 weeks. For each of these. So these are like, live updating in this in a spreadsheet. So
George Reed - Noetic: yeah, clearly not hitting those goals. But
George Reed - Noetic: yeah, so
George Reed - Noetic: that's it. For now. So there are questions.
George Reed - Noetic: Got a lot of work to do on it. So
George Reed - Noetic: so yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, so is your goal increasing every month.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Is that what I'm seeing in those graphs.
George Reed - Noetic: Oh,
George Reed - Noetic: yes. Well, so
George Reed - Noetic: yes, it is. That's right. Sound the question. Yes. So
George Reed - Noetic: like in terms of new leads.
George Reed - Noetic: Other. So that's cumulative. Yeah, it shouldn't be
George Reed - Noetic: my bad.
George Reed - Noetic: of course. Yeah, this should be
George Reed - Noetic: I'll have to rethink that like I want it to increase, but not
George Reed - Noetic: not to.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Not like a linearly.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, not linearly, of course. Yeah, yeah. So it should be a little more incremental than that. But yeah, so bang, thanks for that point.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, I think a bar graph would be better for that. That's just my opinion.
George Reed - Noetic: Right? Yeah, yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: easy to change that.
George Reed - Noetic: Yapur.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Yeah. Well, these new leads new, Mr. And are safe for client clients. Do you have
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: additional metrics, or you know things like you track week by week. That will get you towards these things, because, from what you've explained, it doesn't seem like you are aiming to hit new Mrr at the end of the week right.
George Reed - Noetic: That's right. Yeah. So that's that's
George Reed - Noetic: as Liliana said. Multiple times. It's lagging. And it's it's unrealistic to think.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: I'm not sure.
George Reed - Noetic: Mississistic.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Lagging, by the way, doesn't lagging mean that it reflects on the you know, past
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: results. And you know this new Mr. If you track it month by month, if you track the revenue that you bring in each month, that wouldn't be a lagging metric that would be.
George Reed - Noetic: But it's it's influenced by another metric which would be like the the lever. Right? So like, as I said, leverable metrics could be like.
George Reed - Noetic: yeah, the the number of responses or number of sales calls, or whatever per month would surely be the supporting metric for that.
Lilliana Robinson: So backing doesn't mean that it's going to be like behind chronological. It means it's behind your actions. So the revenue is only going to
Lilliana Robinson: grow as a result of something leading that you've done so. Revenue will always be a lagging metric. That's just by definition. That's 1 of the like main lagging metrics. So your revenue will only move because of an action that you also took that month.
Lilliana Robinson: Does that make sense.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Yeah, okay.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, I was thinking, incremental $1,000 per week from the that would be primarily from the
George Reed - Noetic: self service sign ups that we do. So we've got like a volume based pricing as well as a like premium subscription pricing. So
George Reed - Noetic: yeah, so I think it is influencable. Week to week. Possibly.
Lilliana Robinson: Think about like. There's no literal action that you can take that in this exact moment. You take that action and that metric goes up. It only will go up
Lilliana Robinson: else new warm leads or like things like that, outreach emails. You can take an action right now and tick up the amount of outreach emails right now like that can go up because take that action. Everything else that's like an effect of a cause you're doing has to be lagging because you can't. You can't do anything to make it.
George Reed - Noetic: Go on.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah. So again, separate with the levers and the kpis, and like differentiating those. And
George Reed - Noetic: yeah, building like a full bottle of dime.
Lilliana Robinson: It doesn't have to be the levers. It's a leading metric
Lilliana Robinson: that you can track every week like your classmates have showed in there.
Lilliana Robinson: I'll let Fabio go, and then.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, just building up on what Liliana just said the second Kpi, I might
Fabio Caironi: want to like, break it down. To like how, how much input you put into it. So the leading metric, like how many like
Fabio Caironi: I don't know how how many outreach messages you send, and like, how many weekly sales folks do you take?
Fabio Caironi: I think if I had to choose them I might choose like the weekly sales, because it's already resolved. When you get that sales call you like.
Fabio Caironi: okay? So like, I made this work.
Fabio Caironi: You know. And and you can also understand what channels work better, because in those 15 worm leads you like, there can be a lot of noise like there can be some leads that you got from one channel. Some leads that you got from another one, but those that lead to the weekly sales calls, which is the outcoming. One might not, might have some correlation with some channels. So I think maybe tracking the weekly sales calls
George Reed - Noetic: And help you better.
Fabio Caironi: Achieve your goals
Fabio Caironi: and yeah. And then, like the 3rd Kpi, I think I I love it because it's
Fabio Caironi: it's really related to the customer satisfaction and also the effectiveness of your service. So I really love it. And yeah, I I would take some inspiration from it as well.
George Reed - Noetic: Well, that's cool. Thanks.
Fabio Caironi: But but like on on the lines of who are like.
Fabio Caironi: can you maybe like, explain a little bit better? How how you save hours with the client, and also how you
Fabio Caironi: how you measured that.
George Reed - Noetic: Hmm, yeah, it's a good point. So because so it's measured in the weekly check-ins with the clients will say, like, which of your staff have been sort of like, put on other tasks, so like we sort of work it out so they'll one staff member would spend like 5 h designing a survey, and then like 5 h, fielding the survey and then 5 h collecting, for example, analyzing results. So then it's like, okay. So we automated all 3 of those for one staff member. That's 15 h
George Reed - Noetic: that kind of thing a week.
Fabio Caironi: Got to see you. It's been.
George Reed - Noetic: It is variable from company to company as well, so it might be not great in that sense.
Fabio Caironi: I think maybe if you can set up a system that automatically kind of measures this metric.
George Reed - Noetic: Good idea.
Fabio Caironi: It's a great metric. I think it's.
George Reed - Noetic: I keep it as an average because it's variable. But that's a really good idea system. Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Lab and we have less than a minute left, so this will be.
Florence Ettlin: So I I felt like. So in your second metric, you started breaking it down into some actions you can take like also, Fabia. It's really really good cause. That's kind of where you wanna measure on a weekly basis to move that metric on a monthly or whatever timeframe you said. I feel like in the 1st and in the last one. Maybe you can think more about what are the actions that I can take on each week that will push this metric.
George Reed - Noetic: Yes, yes.
Florence Ettlin: So, for example, you just mentioned. Oh, I have a weekly checking call, so like.
Florence Ettlin: for example, that could be something you measure one weekly checking call with every client, making sure that you hit that. And and you know, as an accountability as well, and kind of break it down just like you did in the second one. Break it down really, clearly and like.
George Reed - Noetic: Things.
Florence Ettlin: Want to measure that help you move that. So I feel like the second one. You already started doing that, and maybe with the 1st and the last one. You can just think more on a breaking it down by tasks. Essentially what you can input.
George Reed - Noetic: Do that.
Florence Ettlin: And
Florence Ettlin: that helps to move.
George Reed - Noetic: Cool. Thanks. Blake. Yeah. Lots of work to do this weekend. Thanks, guys.
George Reed - Noetic: oh, thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Annie. Yes.
Annie Brown: Yes. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: And then Dominique here on deck.
Annie Brown: Okay. So mine are not in a beautiful slide, because I had to write an executive order last night. That was due this morning. So this is just laid out.
Annie Brown: but basically, I tied these, it's actually in the same document as I, Okr, so I tried to tie them to the Okr. So my 1st primary kpi is 8,000. Mrr. I
Annie Brown: came up with a few different secondary kpis. The ones that I discussed here are the ones highlighted in yellow. So
Annie Brown: yeah. So number of sales calls completed. I'm aiming for 5 sales calls per week. I'm gonna see if I raise that depending on how things go. But right now, I'm doing 2 calls. And I'm actually really gonna only start focusing focusing on this after October, after we finish our 1st set of
Annie Brown: jobs to be done, interviews.
Annie Brown: the second one, $250,000 investment from a technical Vc lead.
Annie Brown: so starting with these, the 1st one is number of fundraising materials completed. So I want to complete materials. Send them to Sylvia for approval. Get those approved. This week, I completed my, you know, draft of a financial model. I know it's going to keep getting better, but I just wanted to at least get that out of the way. And I'm aiming for 2 per week.
Annie Brown: Ow! My cat just clawed my leg. So then I've got oh, primary kpi, sales cycle length. I'm the secondary Kpis jobs to be done, interviews scheduled, and then J. Jobs to be done. Interviews completed. My weekly target is going to be 5 interviews per week. I actually might bump that up a bit.
Annie Brown: And then this week I did 2 jobs to be done, interviews I had 2 scheduled, and then one completed, and then, after my meeting with Don, I just added a a 4th one that was focused on customer satisfaction. So this is
Annie Brown: generative. AI output, satisfaction score and 2 secondary kpis that we can help to move that are number of posts that are labeled with reliable tags, and the number of users annotating, content with reliable tags. And so this will
Annie Brown: pretty much. We'll start tracking this with our 1st customer, which hopefully will close in the next couple of weeks.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Can I really quickly ask, What's a reliable tag? Again.
Annie Brown: Oh, yeah.
Annie Brown: so basically, we because we do user, centric tagging, we work with users to determine to create like a tag library. And then that tag library is where the annotations are pulled from. So we're basically creating a taxonomy of user centric language to label label posts.
Dave Scott: Annie, can you remind me again why, Vcs are part of your target
Dave Scott: market.
Annie Brown: Yeah. Oh, Yvcs are part of our target market. Yeah, so we're deciding between 2 kind of go to market strategies. One is
Annie Brown: Vcs, because there have been several laws passed. That I'm working with the lawmakers on on data transparency around demographic data. And so it's a really with that law coming up, there's currently no solution for data transparency. So it's an easy way for us to get in. And basically having founders start
Annie Brown: labeling their demographic data and and creating a large database of that data. And then consumer tech is kind of
Annie Brown: the broader market. But yeah. So so
Annie Brown: we went into Vc
Annie Brown: kind of as a low hanging fruit for us to get started to collect a lot of data.
Lilliana Robinson: Monica.
Dave Scott: Okay.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah. So for the sales cycle length, Kpi is the
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): objective to do the Jtbd interviews and figure out which segment has the shortest sales cycle length, and then go after them.
Annie Brown: Yeah, yeah. Well, I guess it would sort of be like, we can't really determine.
Annie Brown: We would conduct the Jtbd interviews, and from those interviews be able to determine which sector, like has the most energy, I guess, towards towards the product, towards our solution, or or has the most
Annie Brown: I guess, desperate problem. And then, because of that energy.
Annie Brown: we're assuming that
Annie Brown: the one with that has the more energy in our jobs to be done. Interviews, then would have a shorter sales cycle.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I mean, I think that's true. There are certain things that are out of your control, like, just, you know, the bureaucratic, the internal bureaucratic process at the company.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): You know. Just keep that in mind.
Lilliana Robinson: Dominique.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Hey, Annie? Really well done. I'll follow on with from Monica's question on sales cycle, because that's something that we're also struggling with a little bit in terms of when we. When we started looking at the
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: the leading indicators to get to our Mr. Target, we realize that there's a lot of other things kind of up the top of the funnel that flow on before the next activity can happen, and then it's pretty tight to to close a bunch of deals in for us. End of November. So
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: how are you finding out? Is like through the the jobs to be done interviews? Are you specifically asking them as well like with that following on from the energy? Are you just outright asking them like, How long does it take you
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: typically to on board and like, what's that process? So you can kind of reverse engineer.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: What a typical sales cycle would be.
Annie Brown: Yeah. So you know, without trying to like lead the question too much. One thing I've been asking is like, kind of who makes the decision. What is the pro like? Basically, when you made that decision of buying that other solution? What was the process
Annie Brown: to close that and what I'm getting from some of these jobs to be done. Interviews with the Vc. Sector, especially the larger firms. And well, actually, not the Vcs. But the accelerator specifically is like, Oh, it had to go through 12 people like we couldn't even decide. So we didn't even go with that product. We just went with Google forms, because it was only when everyone could agree on so like finding out like how they decided on other products is helping me understand, like the process
Annie Brown: that they would decide my product.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Cool.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: alright sounds good. Look, I'm I think we're we're gonna do some number crunching from our side so we can
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: collaborate with with you on this as well, just to see from a funnel perspective of how
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: it kind of all ties together, because I think
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: we're gonna have the same question all the time, as you.
Annie Brown: Cool. Yeah, let's let's do a numbers crunching hangout coffee. That'd be fun.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: That's good.
Lilliana Robinson: That's our time. This is great, Annie. I like how you've tied it to your Okrs. Same thing here with Jtbd. Make sure that you keep that up and like know that it's a finite metric that you want to finish. But I think you are fine to keep that otherwise this is great. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Great
Lilliana Robinson: Kevin Sue. No, Dominique is next, and then, Kevin Sue, you're on deck.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Awesome. Let's share the screen.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Thank you. You know. Are you a laptop? I
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: move.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Okay. Someone can give a give a thumbs up when you can see that. Yeah, okay, put my timer on awesome. So
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: maybe just a disclaimer slash setting the scene painting the picture. Where is Agent lunar right now, so similar to lots of people in this group, we are going through an intensive and super exciting jobs to be done. So the next goals for us regarding that is, we want to make sure we've wrapped all of those calls up by next week.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: The reason for that is which I'll explain when I walk through the Kpis is that will enable us sufficient time to tailor our marketing collateral and our sales proposal, and then hit the ground running with our outreach, and thereby all the goals to follow. So
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: the 2 kpis that we are focusing on here, I think what's important to mention is that the lagging will
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: remain the same, and the leading the steps will also likely remain the same. But the numbers behind them which you're going to see shortly could change. And why is that? Well, essentially, we are looking at 2 different industries, real estate and finance. I won't talk too much about that and go off piece, but both of them have very different sales, cycles, and very different numbers with the financial model. So that's something we have to bear in mind. So what we're presenting to you is very much based on a thesis
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: and the types of metrics that we would like to track. So in a nutshell, the 2 that we've got here, one is around net new revenue. So we want to achieve 15 K Mrr. By 3 paid customers by November 29, th and we also want to secure one paid pilot and similar to Annie. We've also thought about, how does this meet our okrs. And how are we going? From the same the same hymn sheet, as we'd say in England.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So let's move on to Kpis. Lots of text here haven't had time to beautify so apologies for that. But just being conscious of time
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: looking at Kpi one. What we've done here is really broken down exactly what metrics we want to track each week, what the goal is, what the relevance is, and also considerations for what we need to pay attention to. So to give you a concrete example, if we look at goal number 3, this is really where we are focusing on our conversion rates from our email.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: This is super important because it helps us drive relevant traffic. But a consideration we need to consider is if we've not optimized our landing pages for conversion that could indicate that we have poor page performance and could skew the results. So we're just trying to think about, how can we make sure our metrics are as accurate as possible. Just for time purposes moving on here. One of our key channels, regardless whether it's real estate or finance, will
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: likely be email outreach. So we've mapped this to our financial model. We've done everything based on a base case analysis.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: and metrics that we've seen and know from the industry or our experience through this past year, and the domains that we've warmed up. So really thinking about, how do we move from email sent to open rate to Demos.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: All the way through to purchase.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I know I only have 8 seconds left. And so very quickly on Kpi to this needs a lot of work. We started to think about, how can we map specific goals for securing a partnership again? Slightly different process if it's real estate or finance. But in the same way as the previous, we've really tried to add specific numbers that we can keep ourselves accountable on, and also considerations to be mindful of.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I'll stop there and pause for questions, because I'm at my 3 min.
Lilliana Robinson: You're so good at keeping right on time. Thank you. Guys.
Lilliana Robinson: does anyone want to weigh in here for Agent Luner.
Annie Brown: I was wondering how you came up with the 24,000
Annie Brown: number for the emails cause. That's something I've been thinking about.
Annie Brown: and would love to maybe talk to you. More offline about is email marketing.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, go on that topic. Yeah. So we we kind of reverse engineered it to be honest, Annie, in terms of like the conversions at each of those steps. So
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: starting the 3 customers we wanted to convert, we thought with, there'll be around about a 10% conversion rate. So therefore we'd need
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: 30 demos, and it's kind of all bottom up. So from there, how many that would click through from the website would actually click on the demo, how many would that open the email actually go to the the landing page? And then from there? Yeah, how many do we need to send out. So we've used a lot of benchmarks. So this again, this previous action and total conversion rates. We've looked at a bunch of benchmarks. But to Dominique's point. There's going to be a lot of
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: things that we can do at each of these steps to improve these conversion percentages and all of its base case as well. Yeah, all of it. So there's we've got 3 scenarios of of each of these. But yeah, this is the base case.
Annie Brown: This is super cool.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Okay?
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: And we've we've also in. We've been warming up 20 email domains over the last 5 months. So that will just in terms of deliverability was something else that we
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I'm mindful of them. That's domain health. We don't want to be spamming. We want to make sure that all of the the messages are personalized, and they actually hit the inboxes. And that's something we've been doing, training our our model as well. In terms of like the actual sales dossier for each person before we send the email. It's tailored to them.
Lilliana Robinson: Fabia.
Fabio Caironi: I'm I'm wondering about the repeatability of these experiments, because you have
Fabio Caironi: set up a a deadline for these, I would say like goals and then, like, how you want to measure these goals for your Kpis.
Fabio Caironi: I was wondering, like.
Fabio Caironi: how many campaigns with these 24,000 emails.
Fabio Caironi: I am
Fabio Caironi: get assigned to like. Is it just one single campaign? Is it one per week? Is it one per month? Is it broken down into 12,000 12,000. How do you achieve? And and I would just like to add that, oh, okay, sorry. Thank you. 4,000. I I was missing that
Fabio Caironi: cause I the reason why I I was bringing this up is like, maybe from one campaign to another. You might have some more insights that inform your new numbers. So
Fabio Caironi: just wanted to see if you have any plan to break this down. But I think you just.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, no, it's a great question and a great point. So the way that we plan our campaigns is on a quarterly basis for campaigns, where we're doing a push, and then we have our always on, which is continuous content. That will post in a regular cadence. So you're absolutely right, and I can steal the pancake analogy for any marketing the 1st campaign you do. It's a pancake, because you're going off benchmarks and metrics to give you a concrete example
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: at Ubs, email, open rates are usually really crap, they're around 7%. But in my team we had them at 47% which nobody could have ever guessed. No benchmark. So it's certainly going to be something that we have to pay real close attention to. And each campaign. You do. You only get more knowledgeable and also more predictable. And that's why we're not doing paid marketing yet, because until we've run the experiments ourselves and got the data. We we don't want to be spending money on ads, because then we also know where to
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: basically dial up or dial down. So it's a really good point. And perhaps something we can make more clearer in these kpis.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, that's our time agent, Leonard. You guys got it? And I'm not going to harp on the Mrr things you already know. So we're good to go.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you. This is great
Lilliana Robinson: also. Thank you for your video. Yesterday I posted it as an example. I thought it was really good.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Oh, you're welcome. Thank you. We had a big discussion on that. Yeah. Sorry we missed the class. We've been knee deep in jobs to be done so, but I'm glad it was helpful.
Lilliana Robinson: Good
Lilliana Robinson: alright.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Reviews make it worth it. Did they go? Well.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yes, like, what? Thank you for asking. I think we they've gone really well, and we have also witnessed our own energy. If that makes sense like feeling really excited about certain customers and also hearing these moments of, I know you're gonna teach us more about the energy. But we're we're feeling certain calls where we're like. This is exciting.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So we'll we'll give you a full
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: debrief.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: But thank you.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Kevin. And then, Dave, you're on deck.
Kevin Su: Great. I'll go so I've got some really good insights from everyone's presentation definitely have to change some things. But this is our Kpi
Kevin Su: updates
Kevin Su: and so objective. One to hit 100,000 AR by December 9.th
Kevin Su: some of the key results here is reach 2,000 daily active users.
Kevin Su: we're currently at 250 new account sign-ups after September, 16 launch.
Kevin Su: I think the 7 Day user data will give us a better
Kevin Su: insight on our user growth.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Are you just talking through it? Are you gonna show us something? Kevin?
Kevin Su: Oh, I'm just! I'm done. I'm just talking through it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Kevin Su: Is that all right?
Lilliana Robinson: That's okay.
Kevin Su: Sorry. So yeah. So since
Kevin Su: 2 days ago 26 active users averaging about 20 min per session. That's pretty healthy for us. I think we want to get to a point where
Kevin Su: our average session is about at 30 to 45 min a session that is in line with what we project our
Kevin Su: aid user session time to be we want to reach 400 paying active users and monetization. Our monetization plan starts September 30th increase landing page conversion by 20%.
Kevin Su: like, I said, since we only launched our posts 2 days ago, we need some more accurate data. But I think a big part of this is our Jtbd interviews since last week we scheduled to
Kevin Su: Jdb individuals, which is which I'm going to do today? That
Kevin Su: the content that I get from that is going to influence our landing page, which is going to hopefully include, increase our conversion to the goal that I needed to.
Kevin Su: I partner with 2 known Ib organizations currently in talks with one in Hong Kong. And we want to partner with 3 ib influencers which we just started outreach for.
Kevin Su: Wait, wait, wait! I'm so sorry. Can you? Can you see my screen.
Lilliana Robinson: No, no.
Kevin Su: Oh, is that why you asked me.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Kevin Su: Okay, got it. Sorry. That's why you asked me if I should. Yeah, I thought
Kevin Su: I thought I was showing my screen, and you asked me if I'm just gonna read through my slides, and I was all confused.
Kevin Su: Okay, sorry let me pull this up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I had a hunt.
Kevin Su: Can everyone? Can everyone see my screen now?
Lilliana Robinson: Go back to the 1st one, Captain.
Fabio Caironi: We were too shy to ask you again.
Lilliana Robinson: In a.
Kevin Su: Sorry.
Lilliana Robinson: I'll restart your time right.
Kevin Su: Okay, I'm sorry if that happens again. Guys, please let me know. Tell me to shut up
Kevin Su: so goal here is
Kevin Su: hit revenue specifically hit 100,000 AR. Which is about 8.3 monthly by December 9th
Kevin Su: to do this, we need to reach 2,000 daily active users
Kevin Su: currently since our launch. This week, we're at 250 new account sign ups. I think our 7 Day user data will give us a better picture of what our daily active users will be we as of then we have 26 active users who are averaging about 20 min per session. That's that's healthy for us. I think we want to get to a point of 30 30 to 45 min. That's what we project. The user.
Kevin Su: That's the point where we project user will pay for our products.
Kevin Su: Site visits during this time is about 700.
Kevin Su: We want to reach 400 paying users like I mentioned before, our monetization starts on September 30.th So we'll update when that happens. Increasing landing page conversion by 20%. That's important for
Kevin Su: account sign ups and potentially paid users some more accurate data to come here. But a big part of
Kevin Su: the Jtv interview that I'm doing is going to influence the content that's going into our landing page. Here
Kevin Su: we want to partner with 2 known Ib organizations currently in talks with one. And then we want to partner with 3 Ib influencers through our affiliate marketing program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just on objective one, just before we move on so for reaching 400 paying users, and with your monetization launching soon.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what
Neal Sáles-Griffin: indicators do you have that? You'll be able to actually drive that conversion.
Kevin Su: Yeah, right now.
Kevin Su: I just want to make sure we're not.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Pulling a number out of thin air and hoping for it, but not really with no information about what's actually gonna drive it or get it there.
Kevin Su: Yeah, I I agree, I think right now, it actually is just more benchmarking from what other ed text products do. Which is about 1520%. We don't.
Kevin Su: We honestly don't know what the
Kevin Su: conversion from free.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Kevin Su: User would be. And I know Liliana can ask me that yesterday, too. That's some indicators that we just have to work through when we actually do launch monetization. But right now it's just a bench, an industry benchmark.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm I do. I'll just say this. I've seen this happen a lot where a founder plants a flag like this, and they like just
Neal Sáles-Griffin: dramatically missed the target
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because they don't have a good gauge on what actually leads to conversion and don't understand it. So I really want to caution you from just dropping a number in there and hoping to get to it
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and making sure that it's well informed with maybe some
Neal Sáles-Griffin: pre like experimental attempts to lead to conversion, and maybe you have a few kind of hints at what it takes and what the conversion rate might look like from your base of users. For whatever reason, this is the whole reason we do jobs to be done
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right to have a better glimpse on what this looks like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just keep that in mind for this.
Lilliana Robinson: You have 1 min left, Kevin, so why don't we speed? Run the.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sorry I didn't mean to jump in on the time. Oh, yeah.
Kevin Su: No, no, that's fine. That's that's totally valuable. Okay, objective. 2 grow team. Here's all here. Hire 3 new members. We already did that. Nick is going to start exploring recruitment goals. This is probably gonna happen post tech stars. He has someone in mind for a Cpo. We want to hire a senior developer, someone who's more versed on the front end side of things. So if anyone knows
Kevin Su: someone like that talk to Nick he also wants to set up a formal process to pull requests. If we were to expand our engineering team
Kevin Su: and we have begun writing engineering docs on this plan.
Kevin Su: Finally, product development our monetization code is ready with stripe integration. And the backing code is ready. We're just currently figuring out the front end, especially to transition as we plan to launch our monetization.
Kevin Su: Some ideas we have here is a pop up window when users 1st log in after we launch, and then we let them
Kevin Su: know the changes from there. Or I know we're exploring different user flow ideas with the Montization code
Kevin Su: and our essay doctor, which is our essay writing feature. This is almost done. This is the biggest product bottleneck we have right now.
Kevin Su: we're kind of working on engineering updates. And then the high fidelity designs is
Kevin Su: in the process of being done, too.
Kevin Su: So yeah.
Kevin Su: I'll take question. I can't see anybody so feel free to just put it out.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, Kevin, help me understand? So the these are a lot more like your okrs. Where? What are the measurable like, Kpis? You wanna measure like week over week.
Lilliana Robinson: the actions that you're going to be taking
Lilliana Robinson: repeatedly.
Kevin Su: Yeah, I think that.
Kevin Su: that was something. I
Kevin Su: couldn't figure out what the product development side of things is. I didn't know how exactly to quantify.
Kevin Su: Well, me and they both didn't know how to quantify the progress we have with.
Kevin Su: The engineering side, like we didn't know. Do we just say, Oh, this is 20% done, 30% done. And then that's like our metric every week. Or is there.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I wasn't even just asking with this one I was asking with all 3. But for engineering you can do something like what Fabio did, where you can measure if you're hitting your sprinkles. That's what I've seen. Other people
Lilliana Robinson: asked. For the other 2, even those, some of those that you put are like one time actions, things like that like I want to know what are like the 2 to 3, and you probably don't know right now, but you should follow up with us what are like the 2 to 3 metrics that you want to measure of like repeated actions week over week that you can set goals for, and see if you hit it or not, and then set a different goal the next week, and like, continue that to make progress. So outside of the Okrs.
Lilliana Robinson: does that make sense? So you might want to review my Okr workshop recording to remember, like the difference in the relationship between the 2.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know if Collab I saw your hand up but I'll let Dave go, because they lowered their hand.
Dave Scott: Yeah, hey, Kevin, I think that you and I are suffering from the same problem because I just realized I think you and I are the only 2 B to C companies in here.
Dave Scott: And so it's actually, I've actually been ratching my brain the exact same way you have in terms of how do you figure out? Okay, I we're not going to do weekly meetings, for example. Right? And so I'm wondering whether or not you could still some ideas from my playbook, which is like engagement.
Dave Scott: You know how to get those touch points and engagement. I know that you feel like you're regulated by your reddit
Dave Scott: limitations. But maybe we can explore ways. You can get around that that reddit limitation and find other ways to increase the engagement of your of your fan base.
Dave Scott: Maybe that could be one of the Kpis
Dave Scott: young.
Kevin Su: Yeah, no, I I definitely talked about that. I think we just haven't been getting creative enough with how we can get out of reddit
Kevin Su: truthfully, I think Reddit is just the most global community of Ib we can find. But I can do a better job at finding specific regional communities where I do exist. And I think that's a way I can improve this.
Dave Scott: And I really, I really strongly feel like you should be building your own community, too, whether or not that's on Whatsapp or on signal on telegram or whatever, but, like you should be finding a Tiktok, you should be finding a way to build your own community
Dave Scott: and not relying on others all the time. That's right. There.
Lilliana Robinson: Kevin, I'm gonna I'm gonna just let us move on here. I think that you need to rethink the Kpis, maybe watch my workshop again, and also look at your meets ones that we're gonna post in a thread. And then we can help you. Async. So put it in the tutor me project. It's totally fine. Like to take a second step. That's the whole point of this. So you didn't do anything bad, and it will just help you
Lilliana Robinson: identify those Kpis. The Okrs that you showed were great. But we want also to have Kpis, which wasn't present in that. In what you showed there, does that make sense?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Kevin Su: Yeah, that does. I'll follow up with you guys. After I watch the presentation again.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. And you can also just see what everyone else did here. I think, as examples of like, how you can do measurable stuff over time, and I want you to be able to have graphs and stuff, and you can work with your eir when you meet with them this week.
Lilliana Robinson: so we'll be here to support just message us in base camp.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Dave.
Lilliana Robinson: And then, Caesar, you're going to be the last one.
Lilliana Robinson: Go ahead, Jake.
Dave Scott: Same with Kevin. I think that. You guys had a lot of really great b 2 b examples. But B to C, it's a little harder. So I started out with these, which are actually wrong, which is measuring growth via paid subscribers conversion versus free to paid.
Dave Scott: So I think these are kind of more what you care about. So I created 2 2 kpis. One is around fan engagement. So you know, I I actually have a I feel like there's a correlation between how much I engage with the fans and how much of them convert to to being subscribers.
Dave Scott: So we're going to be playing around with how much fan engagement I could be doing, and then content drops so trying to study, you know, whenever I drop content. How much does that drive? Subscriber behavior?
Dave Scott: So I think those are the 2 I'm going to go with. I do have a little bit of A B to C component. I actually sat down with my engineering team yesterday, and we had A, We had a really cool breakthrough, where now we feel like.
Dave Scott: And the next 30 days we can actually have 3rd party publishers publish on our product.
Dave Scott: which means that they can actually build games on our platform. And so, I'm wondering if I should actually be doing something similar to your B+B, which is, start to outreach to individual publishers
Dave Scott: start to set up meetings to pitch them on coming onto our platform.
Dave Scott: saying how many of them will actually commit to doing so, and then getting them to physically publish on the game on the platform itself.
Dave Scott: and get to the point where I have 8 published games on my platform by week, 13.
Lilliana Robinson: I love the status. So
Lilliana Robinson: you've just already set out your goals for each of these 3 for all the future weeks. Is that what we're looking at.
Dave Scott: Yeah, I mean, i i i need to play around them just to make sure that they're validated. But doing like 3 out mail, 3 email outreaches a week would be good, one out of 3 of them turning into a meeting and then and then I need to figure out how many of them will convert into commitments?
Dave Scott: I think it'll be pretty high, but I don't know what it will be, and then how many of those will convert into actual published, published work on our platform.
Lilliana Robinson: Great
Lilliana Robinson: so what are the 2 to 3 out of all of these? Because you have a lot of secondary ones here? What are the 2 to 3 that
Lilliana Robinson: are going to move the needle. The most that you would like to kind of like present week over week in base camp.
Dave Scott: Well, assuming that I I hit the nail on the head with kpis, the secondary kpis. These are the ones I feel most comfortable with.
Dave Scott: because, these are the ones that move the needle in terms of subscriber behavior.
Dave Scott: It's up here.
Dave Scott: But I'm I'm still gonna play around with these these 3, these 3, 3 or 4, because I think
Dave Scott: if I can get a nice flywheel going on this, this might trump it.
Dave Scott: Because then, because then no longer am I.
Dave Scott: Is everyone relying on me creating content. But now I can outsource and farm the content to 3rd parties.
Dave Scott: Yahtzee.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. We have time for like one comment for Dave, so that we can still end on time.
Lilliana Robinson: This seems solid, Dave, and it seems like you've thought it through.
Dave Scott: I want to thank all of you guys cause I stole the ideas from you guys.
Annie Brown: Just with the pursuing the b 2 b stuff. I think
Annie Brown: you just might want to consider doing jobs to be done before you dive into that
Annie Brown: too deep.
Dave Scott: Good idea. Yeah, also, I'm interestingly enough, I'm actually creating a podcast and the podcast is going to be something called Everyday home brews where I'm going to talk to customers about the worlds that they've invented through our everyday heroes platform. And that's gonna be my like surreptitious jobs to be done on this whole, on the whole Ggc. Side of it.
Lilliana Robinson: Hey.
Lilliana Robinson: I think, and these are all very actionable, too. So this is great. I think, Kevin, it might help to like
Lilliana Robinson: take a look at Dave's since you are both B to C like, you see how each of those are actionable steps that he's taking in his business, and then it's moving the needle. So everything you put for Okrs. Kevin was great, but this is something separate now.
Lilliana Robinson: So what Dave is doing here is is really helpful. These are things he's doing. So he does an action. He can tick up the metric and try and hit that goal. And then there are lagging things that he should also be measuring. But it's kind of separate like revenue, right, Dave.
Lilliana Robinson: like down the line from these actions.
Dave Scott: Yeah. So then, they result in in, you know, subscribers or for you, I think it would be people who sign up for your program. Right?
Dave Scott: Kevin, yeah.
Dave Scott: And then we monetize from there.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright! Thank you, Dave. This is great. We will move on to snapshot reviews. Our final one.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I can try to share my screen.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: so can you all see my screen.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, yes.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I'll
Kirimgeray Kirimli: try to do.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I don't know how to make the presentation modes
Kirimgeray Kirimli: if you just hit.
Lilliana Robinson: But where it says slideshow at the top, right.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Oh, yeah.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: oh, that's easy. And you you can see this. The presentation.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yup!
Kirimgeray Kirimli: So we've got one metric. Probably the most important metric at the moment is the amount of
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Github Jira integrations being performed because it indicates 2 things. One, it requires the organizations to
Kirimgeray Kirimli: showcase a certain element of trust. They would be giving us their proprietary data.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and they would also like us, having that Theta also helps us show the full value of the product.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and this would
Kirimgeray Kirimli: then, help with the the 2 other metrics as well. Actually, in order to get to that metric, we need to obviously increase the organization, count overall. That's 1 large number.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: that number includes the sign ups. We have marketing efforts, which again, is another secondary metric.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: And also we want to increase the demos. We do for any prospective clients again coming through finding us through online or through personal networks. And I guess another metric that'll help us increase that number is by just
Kirimgeray Kirimli: reaching out to our network and having some large enterprise. Sign-ups
Kirimgeray Kirimli: The second metric we have is custom retention.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: so far. We've done a lot of trials by like trying to get people to sign up to the platform, mostly on Google ads,
Kirimgeray Kirimli: but our customer retention has been very low.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: we've also haven't really had any real customers until like this week.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: so we wanna make sure that once the integration is complete, people actually keep coming and essentially find the products and the insights useful. There are obviously one way to to see it is like, if some once somebody logs in. We want to see, like, how many of them actually keep coming back week after week.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: the second one is just the overall daily active users numbers.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: although this doesn't directly
Kirimgeray Kirimli: impact customer retention. A big part of that
Kirimgeray Kirimli: is impacting the like. If the customer attend, they are correlated with each other. If one goes up.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: likely the other one is going to go up to an extent
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and the 3rd metric net revenue.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: it is 0 right now.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: well, there, this has a lot to do with us, not having built a payments module. So even if you wanted to pay, you can't.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: We are looking to launch a payment module in the coming days or coming weeks more like
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I still wouldn't expect anyone to pay at that point because I like, we're still like
Kirimgeray Kirimli: trying to figure out the product. But I think it's a good metric to keep an eye on. And I would also assume that
Kirimgeray Kirimli: once we have some of those organizations, and once we see the value being generated.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: we can actually go back to some of these earlier sign ups and be like, Okay, we see that you're finding this useful.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: How about you start paying now?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Which? Again, the premium and net revenue
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Once we
Kirimgeray Kirimli: clean up the product a bit based on the feedback from jobs to be done, reviews as well as overall ux free haul.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: We do want to increase the marketing campaigns and marketing efforts which will hopefully get us some premium and paid sign ups directly on the site.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm I'm gonna stop you because we only have a minute left. So I'm gonna just speed. Run some feedback for you. Really? Quick. So this is great, and you have it well thought out. The only thing is, there's only one out of these that is not a lagging metric. So I'm I'm not sure if you were here earlier. But we basically had a discussion on leading versus lagging metrics. The demos per week that you have in the 1st one. That's the only one here that's a leading.
Lilliana Robinson: I I guess. Maybe sign ups via marketing as well. Those are the leading things meaning those are actions you guys are taking. The rest of these are results of actions that you're taking to measure the health of the business. So I'd really like to see a lot more about what you guys are doing the actions you're taking to move the needle. And then, obviously, everything else comes later. And you do need to track it, but it's not going to be the ones that you track week over week
Lilliana Robinson: to measure progress. So, for example, like large enterprise sign ups via personal network. Maybe change that to outreach to personal network. And then the lagging would be how many people are signing up as a result of the that those efforts. So I would rethink some of these.
Lilliana Robinson: so that you are tracking exactly what actions you guys are taking to measure the health of your business.
Lilliana Robinson: You can stay after if you have more questions, but I do want to get everyone out on time. So let me just address the group. Really quick.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I'll stop!
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, guys, this was great. I feel like these were a lot more solid than the financial ones yesterday. So you'll see in the evaluations, whether you need to like redo it or rethink it. But overall, I think these were pretty solid. If you had any struggles, make sure that you look at your classmates ones because everyone had really great examples and really cool ideas with these.
Lilliana Robinson: look out for my post on Friday. About Async Kpis. That will start next week, and your eirs are going to comment asynchronously, and then we'll start synchronously in week 6, where we're going to have actually a Zoom Meeting like this where you go over it with your eir.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's the whole point of the Kpis, and we'll just measure our progress week over week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: One really nice thing that I saw from all of this is just you all lifting each other up and helping each other out. So just keep that same energy and keep it going.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Everybody weigh in on each other's and like, spend time separately. It's really really nice to see.
Lilliana Robinson: It's really nice. So sorry for being a minute over. I'm gonna let you guys go now, but we'll talk to you this afternoon, for Chloe's researching.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And we'll hang around for.